[For 2.7.2] prepare new stable release 2.7.2 (#2965)
tracim/tracim: changelog.md

## 2.7.2 / 2020-05-04

### Fixed Issues

- backend: #2962

### Breaking/Important change

> - If you have started Tracim 2.7.0 or 2.7.1 on existing database (>= 2.6.3), you need to downgrade your database to this version `ce074202abb2` before starting with 2.7.2. You can find downgrade documentation [here](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/blob/master/backend/doc/migration.md#downgrading-the-schema)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you launched Tracim 2.7.0 or 2.7.1 on an existing database (≥ 2.6.3), you need to downgrade your database to version `ce074202abb2` before running Tracim 2.7.2. Please see the [documentation for downgrading](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/blob/master/backend/doc/migration.md#downgrading-the-schema).
```

> - If you have started Tracim 2.7.0 or 2.7.1 on existing database (<= 2.6.3), Tracim have done database migration. This migration add wrong modification in database so you need to downgrade your database to this revision `ce074202abb2` before starting with 2.7.2. You can find downgrade documentation [here](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/blob/master/backend/doc/migration.md#downgrading-the-schema)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you launched Tracim 2.7.0 or 2.7.1 on an existing database (≤ 2.6.3), an incorrect migration was performed. As a consequence, you need to downgrade your database to revision `ce074202abb2` before running Tracim 2.7.2. Please see the [documentation about downgrading](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/blob/master/backend/doc/migration.md#downgrading-the-schema).
```
